Traitors of Velrog
Transcript of Session 2:

We focus on the backstory of the party, and how they met each other. We find out that Ser John Kaisen Also Known As JK used to be a royal prince before he was banished from his kingdom, for spreading hate speech against LGPTQ+ community. After being banished, he was taken in by Ser Nylo, The Dragon Slayer and joined the Knights academy where he met Ser Reginald and later Ser Seraph. When Ser Reginald saw Ser Seraph for the first time, he instantly recognised the darkness in his eyes. They immediately clicked with each other. When Ser Seraph joined the academy later, initially he and Ser John Kaisen Also Known As JK didn't see eye to eye. However, one day, when they had a fight, Ser Reginald intervened and pointed out how both of them are similar in that they are both outsiders who don't quite fit in. That was the first time they came together as a group.

Flashforward to present day, after having escaped from the royal prison, Ser Reginald, Ser John Kaisen Also Known As JK and Ser Seraph make their way towards Fort City. As they receive a message from Princess Violet clarifying that their escape has put massive political pressure on her and how it could be dangerous for her if it is found that she is in contact with them, thus as a rule, Princess Violet states that the party should not contact her first, rather she would always contact them first. The Party Questions what they are supposed to do at Fort City to which the princess replies that they need to recover an artifact from there. When the party asks what kind of artifact, the princess simply replies that they would find out when they get there. Ser Reginald is not happy with the lack of information and insists that the party should not trust the princess. Ser John Kaisen Also Known as JK however, argues that they don't have many options left and they should see this through. Reluctantly, the Party Marches forward towards Fort City.

On the way, the Party encounters a group of Knights headed towards Fort City from the Capital. They are surprised to see a member of the Thalecrow clan (Ser Seraph) as they thought that clan was extinct. It didn't seem like they were hostile, so the party was able to successfully persuade them into giving them a lift. The party travelled for a few day. One day, at night time, the party and the nights were resting at a camp. One of the Knights sat down beside them and he started chatting with the party.

Suddenly the Knight asked them if they had heard about a group of Knights who murdered the King for 5k Gold. Ser John Kaisen Also Known As JK immediately slapped Ser Seraph's face away as if trying to distract the Knight away from him. The Knight found it strange, John Kaisen tried to make light of the matter, pretending to Joke it away almost successfully persuading them with his excuse. Ser Reginald tried to do the same but failing a persuasion check, only made matters worse. Regardless, the Knights group didn't think too much of the issue and pass it off with light banter. Meanwhile, the Party Realised that the 5001 Gold they found in the dungeon was being used to frame them. Currently, they only had 250 Gold, donated to them by princess Violet. The party didn't get a good roll and ended up spending 18 Gold on supplies and getting to Fort City. On the way to Fort City, the party saw an huge unknown bat shaped monster with a long tail, the size of football field from one end of the wing to the other pass over their head. The group of Knights asked the party if they had seen anything like that, the party confirmed that they had not. The Knights also confirmed that they had not seen anything like that either.

Eventually, the party arrived at fort city. They past the gates quite easily since they were with a group of official knights and the were also former knights wearing their original knight's equipment. They neither looked suspicious nor out of place at all. After entering the city, the party realised that they couldn't contact the princess first so they would have to wait for her to contact them, but until then, they had nothing to do. As such, they decided to do their own thing. Ser John Kaisen Also Known As JK went started exploring the market, looking to buy a gold ring for whatever reason. Ser Seraph decided to explore the library to look for some information on his clan since he is very close to his original homeland, and Ser Reginald decided to join him to the library but got distracted by the girls he saw along the way and started flirting with them.