Traitors of Velrog, Adventure Game
Transcript of Session 1:

At the start of the game, I, the Game Master, explained that the party are a group of Knights in the Kingdom of Velrog (exact name specified in post). The party consists of three members including Guardian Knight Ser Seraph (7'), Mage Knight Ser Reginald (6' 1") and Warrior Knight Ser John Kaisen Also Known As JK (6' 3").

Just last night, Knight Commander Nylo The Dragon Slayer (Name has been retconned because I forgot, Dragon Slayer part has been added in post also because I forgot) had been reported dead just this morning. The Party were relatively close to the Commander and hence they were quite taken aback by the news when the found out. However, without even getting a chance to grieve, they were ordered by the higher officials to clear a dungeon. The Reigning King, Donovan XIV had also been reported missing for the past few days, with the next in line, Princess Violet taking over his duties. The Party knows about Princess Violet from rumours that she is just and noble lady. However, there's also an old rumour that she once tried to poison her little step-brother Prince Aurous. Although Prince Aurous is still alive and well today. Regardless, The party decided to accept the order from the officials and Visit the Dungeon.

The Dungeon was a cave that lead down into a square-spiral stairway made of stone. It had no guardrails and the stairs were quite wide, going down 3 layers. At the end of the stairway was a narrow tunnel, at the end of which was a hallway going from left to right, which appeared to be the structure of a maze. The party decided to go right, they walked to the next left turn at the end of the path, and encountered a pair of two nearly dead goblins, that Ser John Kaisen Also Known As JK dealt with pretty quickly on his own, earning 10 XP (12 needed to level up). The party decided to drag the goblin bodies, so that their blood will leave a trails as this appeared to be a maze. Then after taking a U turn the party found that two right turns, one ahead which seemed like another U turn at the same level and one in the middle which led downstairs. The party decided to explore the same level first. Upon taking that U turn, the party found a treasure box next to a dead-end. Ser Seraph successfully opened the chest which didn't seem to have any traps and/or any such thing on it. Inside the chest were 5001 Gold coins. At this moment, the entire party also failed a wisdom check (retcon, was intuition check.)

Next the party decided to explore downstairs, which led to a tunnel and into the sewer system apparently. The party were also getting very bad smell at that point. The smell of corpses and rotten flesh. The swears also extended from left to right, the party decided to go right again. After walking for a while, Ser John Kaisen Also Known As JK passed an intuition check to realise that they were headed in the same direction as where to royal capital would be. A little while longer and the party encountered a mountain of monster corpses. However, of the them was not a corpse, an injured Giant Gator monster attacked the party, but Ser Reginald dealt with it on his own (leveling up to level 2). The party then decided to continue pressing forward and found an entrance to the right. Ser Seraph passed a Survival check (retcon, was intuition check) to determine that it might be dangerous to go into that entrance. His instincts telling him that the dungeon has been "too easy" so far. Which he concluded was not a good sign. But the party decided to explore the entrance anyway. The entrance led into a tunnel that ended in a clearing, that seemed like a green, grass-filled hallway with sunlight coming from above and several tunnels leading into this hallway. In the middle of the hallway was a coffin. The party decided to investigate the coffin, but to their horror, the found the dead body of King Donovan XIV inside.

And as soon as they did, 14 soldiers appeared from all the tunnels leading to the room, surrounding them from all sides. Along with the soldiers Appeared Queen Meridona, Princess Amilia's mother and Princess Violet's step mother, and announced that party had been arrested for high treason against the kingdom, for the murder of Kind Donovan XIV. She ordered the party to surrender or face execution. The party decided to surrender.

The party was arrested and taken to prison, all of their belongings ceased. The party spent the rest of the day contemplating what to do. At late night, when the party was fast asleep. With Ser John Kaisen Also Known As JK sleeping in an aura farming pose, Ser Reginald sleeping shirtless and Ser Seraph, the 7 feet tall man, sleeping and drooling like a baby. Suddenly, they heard footsteps of someone coming in. The person visiting them was Princess Violet. She observed them for a while. Then one of guards knocked on the bars of the cell, "Wake up, you are in the presence of Her Highness, Princess Violet."
Ser Reginald woke up shirtless, flexing his muscles. Ser John Kaisen Also Known As JK woke up aura farming, ignored the princess and went back to sleep, still aura farming. Ser Seraph never woke up, he seemed past out through the power of sheer non-sense. This enraged the guard who exclaimed "You bastards" as he pulled out his sword, but princess Violet raised a hand, gesturing him to stop, so he does. Princess Violet extends a formal apology to the party. However, in the middle of her apology, Ser Seraph let out a very loud and smelly fart. Princess Violet looks at him with disgust as she completes her apology.
She further states that since the party has been scheduled for execution but she knows that they were close to the Ser Nylo, she is willing to trust the party. She offered to help the party, but asked to enlist their help in return. The party members raise questions about her allegiance claiming that she is a member of the same royal family that arrested them, but Princess Violet states that she is unable to provide any proof and thus she is relying on the party to take her word for it. The party refused to trust her, so she said that is fine. She claimed that since that is the case, she would leave the cell door open, however the party would receive no further assistance from her.

However, just as she was about to leave, the party agreed to help her. Princess Violet, was slightly happier to hear that, though she did not show it on her face. She handed out a sort of communication device to the party. But as they were about to leave, the party realised that Ser Seraph was somehow still passed out through the power of sheer non-sense. Since Ser Seraph refused to wake up, I resorted to forcefully waking him up through the power of Game Master. Then Princess Violet sneakily led them out of the prison and into a secret underground level in the Royal Library. In that level, there were several rows of book. She pulled one book out, opened it and took what looked like a precious gem out and held it against the wall. The wall slid sideways, revealing a hidden passage. Princess Violet said that the party will know where to go from this point on and wished them luck. As the party entered the tunnel, the wall slide back, closing behind them, as if it was always there, completely concealing the passage. As the party pressed forward, they arrived back at a sewer system which looked familiar. Pressing forward along the flow of the water, the found the entrance to the room they were arrested in on their left, but decided to continue going forward. Passing through the mountain of monster corpses and then continuing on to find the tunnel that led to the dungeon that they entered at the start of the session, to their left. But the party decided to continue forward. After a long walk, they finally arrived at the exit of the sewer tunnel.

After arriving outside, they found themselves in a forest in the dark of the night. The walls of the Capital City of Velrog appeared in a distance behind them. The water continued on to join the river. Just a second later, the princess' voice came from the communication device that she had given them, asking for their status. The party responded positively and the princess wished them farewell.

==========End of Session 1==========

Cast:
Armaan as Ser Seraph
Raj as Ser Reginald
Areeb as Ser John Kaisen Also Known As JK
Gaurav as The Game Master